welcome to movie recall in today's video
we will be going through the 2018 horror
fantasy movie the mermaid lake of the
dead the movie is based on the legend of
the rusulka a creature that lives in
lakes and drags young men to their
deaths it's time to recall let's get
started turn on subtitles and spoilers
ahead make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe for more videos
like these the film opens with a
standing man is near a lake and his wife
comes close to him as he turns around he
seems to have been bewitched by a
mermaid in the lake immediately he jumps
into the lake his wife requests to be
taken instead of his husband and
suddenly her husband comes on the
surface of water in normal state his
wife helps him to come out from water
but his wife is suddenly dragged into
water by the mysterious mermaid he tries
to help her but something is dragging
her inside the mermaid takes the life of
his wife in replacement of his in the
present day a couple to be is shown in a
swimming pool the girl's name is marina
while the boy is roma
marina's fiance teaches her swimming at
the same time roma's friend ilya jumps
into the pool challenging roma for a
swimming race
they leaves for another pool leaving
marina at the pool edge marina tries to
swim on her own
she immediately begins to drown and roma
does not know about it at all after the
race he finds marina drowning and he
rescues her life swiftly marina isn't
happy with roma after this incident the
same night roma visits with ilya the
house built at the edge of the lake it's
his father's house he hadn't seen him in
years but he sent roma the key to the
house for him to sell it off roma tells
his friend that her mother's death
occurred in the lake near this house due
to drowning
since then his father had gone crazy and
he lives far away from him and his
sister this reveals that the person
standing near the lake at the beginning
is roma's father and mermaid had put his
mother into death drowning they both
check around the abandoned house and
observe the basement filled with water
obviously they think there must have
been a flood ilya organized roma with a
stag party
because he is nearly to get married to
marina he isn't in a good mood for this
so he leaves
he sits at the edge of the same lake as
he calls marina but she is engaged in
some work roman jumps into that lake for
swimming while swimming roma realizes
the presence of someone there he comes
outside the lake and sees a strange girl
putting on his shirt and combing her
hair with a wooden comb
he is alluring unwillingly to the girl
and comes near her the kiss and with a
grin face she asks do you love me marina
then is calling roma but gets no
response roma's friends are in search of
him the next morning he is lying at the
edge of the lake
he wakes up and asks about the girl ilia
picks his cloth and also finds the
mermaid's comb on the floor he takes it
with him the same comb is also found by
marina in roma's cloth at the laundry
roma does not feel good and shows low
performance at swimming after this
incident his coach advises him to have
more practice while taking bath after
training he faces mysterious happenings
the mermaid appears behind him and asks
the same question do you love me he
instantly turns around but sees no one
there at home on the bed roma feels a
tickle he thinks it's marina and shouts
as he rises to check but sees no one
because he suffers fever now marina
thinks he is unwell because of workout
marina puts him to sleep and makes a
video call with roma's sister olga
informing her about the roma's condition
marina says he is acting strange
she shows her the comb looking at that
comb olga is shocked she notices the
same comb in the picture of his father
and mother
next day roma jumps into the pool for
training in shock he finds himself in
the same lake he comes out of the water
and he encounters the same mermaid and
she again asks the same question do you
love me
this time he responded no he began to
black out as she shrieks back into her
mermaid form right before he regains
consciousness at the edge of a swimming
pool roma found himself admitted in
hospital because of dehydration
diagnosed by the doctor in there with
him marina olga and elia he tells the
whole story marina hearing the kissing
part of the story she gets angry and
leaves roma follows her but he cannot
walk well because of feebleness
suddenly marina hears a strange voice
and takes its directions roma follows
her and reaches in a room where he again
encounters the mermaid in marina form
and the door gets locked before marina
reaches there the mermaid is about to
attack roma until ilya breaks in olga
understands everything noticing all
what's happening she goes to her father
first of all their father forbids to
meet them and asks to go upon hearing
roma's encounters with the girl at the
lake he becomes devastated he weeps and
tell them all what happened 20 years ago
how their mother sacrificed herself to
save him and from that day everything
lost its meaning except from the mermaid
as he keeps remembering her every day of
his life they move to that house in
search of solution along with ilia roma
and marina stay at the house and olga
goes at that edge of lake with leah
hoping they can find something jumping
into the lake he swims to a grave which
has an engraved name on it he reads it
and also finds some dead bodies around
it one of the dead bodies come to life
seeing it ilya tries to escape but the
dead tries pulling him down somehow he
manages to come outside the water with
the help of olga he arrives at the edge
of the lake and tells the name of the
mermaid lisa grigorieva on the other
side as marina fetches water outside the
house she observes a woman at the door
of the cottage house going there she
observes it's a room where roma's mother
perform rituals she then faces roma's
mother's ghost chatting some words out
of fear she runs back up to the house
she comes near roma and suddenly a force
pulls him towards the basement marina
help him the mermaid comes on site and
begins to pull roma marina kicks the
mermaid and save him august suggests
maybe it's all about the comb and also
stated that the mermaid committed
suicide in previous years suicide
victims were buried on the shores that's
why the mermaid grave was found in the
river after the lake spilled over the
shore when a dam was built
marina decides to perform the ritual
just like roma's mother used to maybe it
would help
she requests ilya to wait outside the
cottage and starts a ritual going inside
meanwhile the mermaid appears before
elia and asks him the same question do
you love me
he replies yes and she bewitches him she
also blitches roma and compels him to
come to the basement olga tries to stop
him but gets attacked instead on the
other side marina starts the ritual she
soaks the comb onto water looking in the
mirror
she speaks the same words she's heard
from roma's mother's ghost the comb
disappears immediately and the mermaid
appears drowning marina's face into
water for unknown reason the mermaid
reveals her past after a proposal a
young man deceived her by marrying
another lady knowing this on the wedding
day she rages and murders them before
committing suicide by jumping into the
lake afterwards she turned into mermaid
and allures men into her end roma comes
to his senses after being bewitched and
runs to the cottage he breaks in when
the mermaid impersonates into marina in
several numbers and each of them asking
do you love me he is able to recognize
the real marina and expresses his love
doing this all the witchcraft seems to
be over everything seems normal the next
morning ilya is still bewitched by the
mermaid accepting her love he moves to
the basement roma finds him floating on
the water and then the mermaid takes
ilya with her roman tries to save him
but he is already gone and also gets
attacked by mermaid again at the same
time marina and olga also reach there
and help roma to escape and they all
immediately leave that place covering a
distance their car breakdown suddenly
rain starts roma comes outside to check
the car the mermaid appears to them
again and waters start to fill their car
obviously caused by the mermaid roma
breaks the window glass saving olga and
marina roma wonders why the mermaid
still follows them after returning her
comb and performing the rituals he gets
to understand that she will not stop
pursuing him until she gets him roma
quickly moves back to the lake and
marina runs after him she falls and
someone hits her on her head and goes
unconscious
the mermaid comes near him as he reaches
the edge of the lake she asked him again
do you love me
roma replies on it yes but the mermaid
knows he's lying to stop all her torment
and then suffocates him at the basement
we see olga trying to use marina as a
sacrifice in exchange for her brother as
he ties her to a chair
it's clear that she was the one that hit
her marina pleads all good to stop it
but she ignores at the same time roma's
father arrives there he reveals to olga
sacrificing her in exchange will not
work only if she volunteers her life it
can't be forced the mermaid appears
before them and roma's father requests
the mermaid to spare life of everyone
and taken with her she turns into
mermaid form and takes him down the
water seeing her father olga tries to
stop her but only gets the mermaid hair
and pulls marina untie her hands and get
a scissors she cuts her hair the hair
burns and the mermaid begins to feel
unrest as her power is in her hair
moment later she takes olga with her in
retaliation marina is unable to save
olga and her father but to save roma's
life she quickly goes at the edge of the
lake and finds him lying or suffocating
she reveals to roma that the power of
the mermaid is in her hair not the comb
roma seems not to hear what marina is
saying she jumps into the water
intending to cut the mermaid's hair with
the scissors the mermaid faces marina
after a while struggling with her marina
managed to cut some of her hair causing
roma to be free from her power then
marina comes from the lake and both
embrace each other she then asks roma do
you love me suspecting her roma begins
to cut her hair the mermaid came
impersonating marina as he cuts her hair
she loses all her power and return into
the lake
roma then jumps into lake and takes the
drowning marina outside the water and
resuscitate her it is shown that they
have won this fight through their mutual
love
thanks for watching please like and
subscribe and click the bell icon to get
new movie recaps